gaza's Mediterranean coastline is one of
the few areas in the Gaza Strip the
Israeli military has not destroyed the
sea is both a source of livelihood for
Palestinian fishermen and part of their
identity Mustafa Abu risks his life
every day rowing out on the waves under
Israeli
surveillance to knit fish on which his
hungry family have come to rely
to feed our children we are forced to go
to Sea and fish we want to eat we take
the risk to feed our families no one was
able to go fishing during the first five
months of the war last week I lost my
brother-in-law who was also a
fisherman since October the 7th Israel
has declared much of gaza's Coastline
compat Zone ordering commercial and
private boats to stop operating there
however even in areas the Army has
declared safe humanitarian zones
Palestinian fishermen have been
targeted they say Israeli warships open
fire at them without any
warning this war is deadly for
Palestinian fishermen we don't have
boats most of them were destroyed by
Israeli fighter jets and warships they
were attacked on the beach and we woke
up the next day to discover they were
burned now we can only fish close to
shore if we move further away we will be
attacked says her son mm was killed at
Sea while catching fish for his
family went fishing as usual he went to
collect his net but he was killed by an
Israeli warship
he was our main bread winner he was
going to get married but the Israelis
killed him they crushed his
dreams the war has turned gaza's Waters
into a death trap with Israel blocking
humanitarian Aid deliveries into the
strip those fishermen could be a
Lifeline for Palestinians but Israel's
war has effectively shot down the
fishing industry adding to the whites
bread hunger and salvation araz Al jaaz
darl balah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz